fix: crashReporter incompatible with sandbox on Linux (#23265)
electron/electron: docs/api/crash-reporter.md

    the process-specific extra parameters, then the global one will take
    precedence. By default, `productName` and the app version are included, as
    well as the Electron version.

This method must be called before using any other `crashReporter` APIs. Once
initialized this way, the crashpad handler collects crashes from all
subsequently created processes. The crash reporter cannot be disabled once
started.

This method should be called as early as possible in app startup, preferably
before `app.on('ready')`. If the crash reporter is not initialized at the time
a renderer process is created, then that renderer process will not be monitored
by the crash reporter.

**Note:** You can test out the crash reporter by generating a crash using
`process.crash()`.

**Note:** If you need to send additional/updated `extra` parameters after your
first call `start` you can call `addExtraParameter`.

**Note:** Parameters passed in `extra`, `globalExtra` or set with
`addExtraParameter` have limits on the length of the keys and values. Key names
must be at most 64 bytes long, and values must be no longer than 128 bytes.

> Keys with names longer than the maximum will be silently ignored. Key values

Reviewer: What is the behavior when two keys longer than 64 bytes truncate to the same key, does the collision cause other issues or will one of them just win out.

Author: keys aren't required to be unique, so you'll get 2 in the report.

Set an extra parameter to be sent with the crash report. The values specified
here will be sent in addition to any values set via the `extra` option when
`start` was called.

Parameters added in this fashion (or via the `extra` parameter to
`crashReporter.start`) are specific to the calling process. Adding extra
parameters in the main process will not cause those parameters to be sent along
with crashes from renderer or other child processes. Similarly, adding extra
parameters in a renderer process will not result in those parameters being sent
with crashes that occur in other renderer processes or in the main process.

**Note:** Parameters have limits on the length of the keys and values. Key
names must be at most 64 bytes long, and values must be no longer than 128
bytes. Keys with names longer than the maximum will be silently ignored. Key
values longer than the maximum length will be truncated.

### `crashReporter.removeExtraParameter(key)`

* `key` String - Parameter key, must be less than 64 characters long.

Remove a extra parameter from the current set of parameters. Future crashes
will not include this parameter.

### `crashReporter.getParameters()`

> Returns `Object` - The current 'extra' parameters of the crash reporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns `Record<String, String>` - The current 'extra' parameters of the crash reporter.
```

I think?
